Update docs/configuring-playbook-user-verification-service.md, etc. (#3904)
spantaleev/matrix-docker-ansible-deploy: docs/configuring-playbook-user-verification-service.md

## Prerequisites

### Open Matrix Federation port

> UVS exposes the `openid` API endpoints on the Matrix Federation port (usually `8448`), even if [federation](configuring-playbook-federation.md) is disabled. If you enable the component, make sure that port is accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling the UVS service will automatically reconfigure your Synapse homeserver to expose the `openid` API endpoints on the Matrix Federation port (usually `8448`), even if [federation](configuring-playbook-federation.md) is disabled. If you enable the component, make sure that the port is accessible.
```
```
